Move prompting to Workers getting started and add static assets example (#20209)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/workers/get-started/prompting.mdx

</usage>

<key_points>

- Configures a BROWSER_RENDERING binding
- Passes the binding to Puppeteer
- Uses the Puppeteer APIs to navigate to a URL and render the page
- Parses the DOM and returns context for use in the response
- Correctly creates and closes the browser instance

</key_points>
</example>

<example id="static-assets">
<code language="typescript">
// src/index.ts

interface Env {
  ASSETS: Fetcher;
}

export default {
  fetch(request, env) {
    const url = new URL(request.url);

    if (url.pathname.startsWith("/api/")) {
      return Response.json({
        name: "Cloudflare",
      });
    }

    return env.ASSETS.fetch(request);
  },
} satisfies ExportedHandler<Env>;
</code>
<configuration>
{
  "name": "my-app",
	"main": "src/index.ts",
  "compatibility_date": "<TBD>",
	"assets": { "directory": "./public/", "not_found_handling": "single-page-application", "binding": "ASSETS" },
  "observability": {
    "enabled": true
  }
}
</configuration>
<key_points>
- Configures a ASSETS binding
- Uses /public/ as the directory the build output goes to from the framework of choice
- The Worker will handle any requests that a path cannot be found for and serve as the API

> - if the applciation is a single-page application (SPA), the handling will be added from there

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the application is a single-page application (SPA), HTTP 404 (Not Found) requests will direct to the SPA.
```
